If a host has to cancel a booking due to a valid reason that makes hosting impossible—like a personal illness or major property damage—we’ll waive cancellation fees or other consequences.

If a home, service, or experience host has to cancel a reservation, they may be subject to fees and other consequences as outlined in the Host Cancellation Policy for homes and the Host Cancellation Policy for services and experiences.

It’s important to know that hosts should never cancel for any reason that violates our policies, including our Nondiscrimination Policy and Accessibility Policy.

Valid cancellation reasons include, but aren’t limited to:

Valid cancellation reasons include, but aren’t limited to:

If a home host uses Instant Book, they may be able to cancel for additional valid reasons without consequences under certain circumstances. Some examples include:

Hosts may be able to cancel Instant Book reservations online for these reasons in most cases, but sometimes they may have to contact us to cancel without consequences. Otherwise, fees and consequences will apply. If a host cancels a large number of Instant Book reservations, they may be required to turn off Instant Book.

To cancel without consequences, or have consequences waived in one of these situations, a host may be required to submit proof of documentation. For example, they might be asked to provide photos, videos, and other documentation in the case of emergency repairs, or a letter from a doctor in the case of serious personal illness.

If a host can’t honor a reservation—regardless of the reason—it’s their responsibility to cancel in a timely manner to allow their guest time to adjust their plans. If the check-in time is within 24 hours, the option to cancel online won’t be available—the host will need to contact us.

If a problem stems from an API software provider and the host needs to cancel a reservation as a result, the host must provide evidence of the API software provider’s outage or incident for consideration when requesting a fees and consequences waiver.

If you’re not sure if your situation qualifies, contact us before you cancel. Learn more about our cancellation fees for home hosts or service or experience host cancellation fees.