Here’s the good news: Your money is coming! The timing of your payout depends on the type of reservation, the length of your guest’s stay for a home reservation, your payout schedule and your payout method’s processing time, and whether you’re a new host. You can always check the status of your payout in your earnings dashboard.

Co-host payouts for home reservations are usually released at the same time as host payouts, and the info in this article also applies to them.

After Airbnb releases your payout, there’s a processing time before the money arrives with your payment provider. Processing times may vary by payment method provider and region. Here are typical processing timeframes for common payout methods:

Be sure to set up at least one payout method so you can get paid. If you want your payouts to be released automatically, be sure to set a default payout method.

You can always check the status of your payout in your earnings dashboard.

If you have multiple listings with check-ins on the same day, your money will usually be sent as a single payout. If you have a minimum payout amount set, your payout won’t be sent until that amount is met.

Banking systems don’t process transactions on weekends or holidays, so your money will be processed the next business day. Contact your bank directly if you have any questions.

Fast Pay and Payoneer allow payouts to be processed and sent on weekends and holidays.

All transactions may be reviewed before they’re sent. For example, we may review a transaction in order to prevent fraud. This could result in funds being delayed up to 45 days after guest check-in, paused, or, in rare cases, removed from your account. In these cases, we may be required to limit account permissions and payment transfers, and you may be asked to provide additional information to verify your identity. You can check the status of your payouts in your earnings dashboard.

Reviews are part of standard processes that many companies like Airbnb conduct in order to prevent fraud and comply with regulations.

In some cases, the financial institution or payout method you use to get your money may charge additional fee(s). For more information, learn about calculating your payout.