Effective date: October 9, 2023

Although cancellations by hosts are rare, and some cancellations are beyond a host’s control, cancellations by hosts can disrupt guest plans and undermine confidence in our community. For those reasons, if the host cancels a confirmed reservation, or if the host is found to be responsible for a cancellation under this Policy, Airbnb may impose fees and other consequences. The fees and other consequences set out in this Policy are intended to reflect the costs and other impacts of these cancellations on guests, the broader host community, and Airbnb. We will waive the fees and, in some cases, the other consequences, if the host cancels because of a Major Disruptive Event or certain valid reasons beyond the host’s control.

If a host cancels a confirmed reservation, or if the host is found to be responsible for a cancellation under this Policy, we will impose fees subject to a minimum cancellation fee of $50 USD. The fee is based on the reservation amount and when the reservation is canceled:

When calculating cancellation fees, the reservation amount includes the base rate, cleaning fee, and any pet fees, but excludes taxes and guest fees. If the calculated cancellation fee is less than $50 USD, it will be adjusted up to $50 USD.

Cancellation fees are typically withheld from the next payout(s) to the host as provided in the Payments Terms of Service. In addition to the fees and consequences set out in this Policy, hosts who cancel, or are found responsible for a cancellation, will not receive a payout for the canceled reservation, or, if the payout has already been made, then the amount of the payout will be withheld from the next payout(s).

We will waive the fees set out in this Policy in appropriate situations, for example if the host cancels because of a Major Disruptive Event or certain valid reasons beyond the host’s control. Hosts who believe one of these situations applies will be required to provide documentation or other support. We will determine whether to waive any fees and other consequences after evaluating the available evidence.

In the event a fee is waived, other consequences may still apply, like blocking a Listing’s calendar.

Regardless of whether we waive any fees or other consequences, the host will not receive a payout for the canceled reservation.

In addition to a cancellation fee, other consequences may apply, such as preventing the host from accepting another reservation for the Listing on the affected dates by blocking the Listing’s calendar.

Hosts who cancel confirmed bookings without a valid reason may experience other consequences, as explained in our Terms of Service and ground rules for hosts. For example, hosts may have their Listing or account suspended or removed, and may lose their Superhost status.

A host may be responsible for a cancellation when it occurs because of conditions in the Listing that are grossly and materially different from how the Listing was described at the time of booking. In these cases, the host will be subject to the fees and other consequences laid out in this Policy, regardless of who initiates the cancellation. Examples may include: double-booking a Listing, substituting another property for the Listing booked by the guest, or gross Listing inaccuracies that materially disrupt a guest stay, like advertising a pool when no pool is available for use by guests.

If a host cannot honor a reservation—regardless of the reason—it’s their responsibility to cancel in a timely manner to allow their guest time to adjust their plans. A host may not encourage the guest to cancel the reservation.

Providing false statements or materials in connection with this Policy violates our Terms of Service and may result in account termination and other consequences.

This Policy applies to cancellations that occur on or after the effective date. Any right that guests or hosts may have to initiate legal action remains unaffected. Any changes to this Policy will be made in accordance with our Terms of Service. This Policy applies to stays, but does not apply to experience reservations.