# Setting reservation restrictions for your property

Have more control over your property by setting reservation restrictions. You can set multiple restrictions and conditions depending on the type of calendar you use – either list or monthly view. If some restrictions aren’t available for your property, contact us, and we’ll enable them for you.


Remember, the more restrictions you set, the fewer potential guests will see your property.

You can set up reservation restrictions using either the list view or the monthly view calendar on the **Extranet** or using the **Pulse app**. Click each of the tabs below to learn about the available options:


If you’re using the list view calendar, you can apply the following restrictions to your rooms or units and rates:

- Minimum and maximum length of stay – this is the minimum or maximum number of nights guests must book for
- Minimum and maximum length of stay from arrival – this is the minimum or maximum number of nights a guest must stay when arriving on a specific date
**Exact stay**– this refers to the exact number of nights guests have to stay at your property when arriving on a specific date- No arrivals and departures – this prevents guests from starting stays on days when you’re unable to check them in and ending stays on days when you can’t check them out
- Minimum and maximum advance reservation – this is the minimum or maximum amount of time before check-in that a guest can book your property

In list view, you can remove most restrictions by following the same steps you used to set them and setting the value to zero (0). For example, to remove a minimum length of stay restriction, set the minimum number of nights guests must book as zero. To remove restrictions for multiple dates, click a cell in the restriction row. Then drag the blue slider across all the dates you want to remove the restriction for, click**Remove** and then**Save**. To remove no arrivals and departures restrictions, click the cell in the calendar to remove the restriction on that date.


There are fewer restrictions available when using the monthly view calendar. You can apply the following:

- Minimum length of stay – this is the minimum number of nights guests must book for
- Minimum advance reservation – the minimum amount of time before check-in that a guest can book at your property
- No arrivals and departures – this prevents guests from starting stays on days when you’re unable to check them in and ending stays on days when you can’t check them out

To remove Minimum length of stay restrictions, set the value to one (1) night. To remove Minimum advance reservation restrictions, set the value to "None." For No arrivals and departures restrictions, click on the cell in the calendar to deselect and remove the restriction on that date. For each restriction, you need to click**Save** to apply the changes.


Follow these steps to set restrictions using the Pulse app:

- Log in to the Pulse app on your mobile device
- Go to the
**Availability**tab - If you have multiple properties, tap the property you want to edit
- If you’re viewing the dates in a list view, scroll down to the
**date and room type**you want to edit, then tap**Rates and restrictions** - If you’re viewing the dates in a calendar view, choose the
**room type**you want to manage, then select the**date** - Continue with the steps below to set restrictions for either one or multiple dates

Continue with these steps if you want to set restrictions for a **single date**:

- Tap the box next to
**Minimum length of stay**, then choose your preferred amount of nights - Next to
**Minimum advance reservation**, choose your preferred advance reservation time - Tap
**Save**on iOS or the**check mark**on Android

Continue with these steps if you want to set restrictions for **multiple dates**:

- Tap the start date and end date on the calendar to specify the date range you want to make changes to, then tap
**Rates and restrictions** - Tap the box next to
**Minimum length of stay**, then choose your preferred amount of nights - Next to
**Minimum advance reservation**, choose your preferred advance reservation time - Tap
**Save**on iOS or the**check mark**on Android

Note: If you have multiple rate plans, you should set up the same restrictions for all open rate plans and rooms or units. This way, you’ll make sure the restriction applies to all future bookings at your property.

For example, if you want to make the minimum length of stay two nights for a room with a standard rate plan, but you also have a non-refundable rate plan, **set the minimum length of stay as two nights for both**. Otherwise, you can still receive one-night reservations.