# Contacting guests

-
We understand the importance of being able to communicate with your guests before their arrival, whether it’s because you aren’t able to meet them in person or you need to share check-in information with them in advance. You have two options for communicating with them ahead of time:

- Log in to the Extranet and click
**Reservations** - Click the guest’s name or their reservation number
- On the
**Reservation details**page, scroll down to**Conversation with guest** - Type your message in the text field, click
**Templates**to select one of your message templates, then click**Send** - If you’d prefer to call your guest, you can see their contact number by clicking
**Show phone number**

Message templates are prepared responses that you can quickly send to save yourself the hassle of repeatedly typing the same message for different guests. You can add custom replies and image attachments to provide them with additional details and schedule information to be sent according to your preference. To create a new template or update an existing one, follow the steps in this article.

Get in touch with your guests as soon as possible, as they may be traveling or have limited access to their emails closer to the check-in date.

If you want to contact a guest about picking up keys, read

**this article on setting up the key collection feature**. - Log in to the Extranet and click
-
To ensure partner and guest information-sharing safety, we don’t support PDFs or QR codes as an attachment format – we only support images.

-
Use our messaging security settings to specify which email addresses you use to communicate with guests and which links can be shared in messages with guests.

-
You can help potential customers with quick answers by using the Extranet’s Guest Q&A feature. Create messaging templates with potential questions and answers already included, then schedule them to be sent before check-in or after booking. Learn more about how to set up messaging templates.

-
You can send messages from the time of booking until seven days after check-out or cancellation. If the guest sends a message to the reservation, you’ll have a 14-day window to reply. After one year after check-out or cancellation, you can’t read any messages.

-
There may be times when you can’t reach your guests but want to communicate with them before, during, or after their stays. To ensure your and your guests' security, we can’t share any personal information with either party. All communication should stay on the Booking.com platforms.

-
If you can't find the information on your “Reservation Statement,” contact our customer support team by following these instructions. To prevent this from happening in the future, you can add additional guest requirements on the Extranet to have more control over who can make bookings at your property.

-
We can’t delete messages shared between guests and partners due to legal requirements.