# Understanding eligibility and opting in and out of Payments by Booking.com

Payments by Booking.com is a service that facilitates guest payments for you according to your preferred policy. Depending on your property’s payment settings, you’ll receive payouts by bank transfer or virtual credit card.

## What's on this page:

**Checking if you're eligible or already active on Payments by Booking.com**

To find out if your property is active or eligible for Payments by Booking.com, sign in to the Extranet and click **Finance** to see the drop-down menu**.**

- If the
**Payout information**or**Virtual cards management**option appears in the menu (and the**Payments by Booking.com**option doesn’t appear), it means you’re already active on Payments by Booking.com. Click it to learn more. - If the
**Payments by Booking.com**option appears, you’re eligible for the service but it’s not yet active. To activate it, click**Payments by Booking.com**, then**Sign up**. - If neither the
**Payout information**,**Virtual cards management**, nor**Payments by Booking.com**options appear in the drop-down menu, your property isn’t eligible for this service.

**Learning more about ineligibility for Payments by Booking.com**

If you aren’t eligible for Payments by Booking.com, you can reach out to us for more info by following these steps:

- Sign in to the Extranet
- Click
**Inbox**, then**Booking.com Messages** - In the sidebar, click
**Compose a new message** - Select the topic
**Receiving my payouts**, then the subtopic**How do I join or leave Payments by Booking.com?**

You can also find more info about our payment products on the Partner Hub.

**Managing payments if you’re not eligible for Payments by Booking.com**

If your property isn’t eligible for Payments by Booking.com, you’ll need to manage your guests' payments yourself:

- If you accept credit cards, you can either charge your guest before or upon arrival/departure, depending on their reservation policy.
- If you don’t accept credit cards, your guest can pay upon arrival or departure in your local currency. If you want to charge a prepayment or damage deposit, you’ll need to contact the guest to decide on a payment deadline and arrange it yourself.

Learn more about how to set your payment preferences.

**Opting out of Payments by Booking.com**

You can opt out of Payments by Booking.com by following these steps:

- Sign in to the Extranet.
- Click
**Finance**, then**Finance settings**. - Click
**Payments by Booking.com status**,select**Deactivate Payments by Booking.com**, and follow the steps to proceed with deactivation. - Click
**Deactivate payments to**confirm your changes.

Once you’ve deactivated Payments by Booking.com, you’ll have to pay the commission proactively at the end of the month. Learn more about commission payments here.

If you still have pending payouts, you can decide to receive them via bank transfer or virtual card. If you choose the bank transfer option, you’ll receive your pending payouts as gross bank transfer payouts, not net payouts. You can view your remaining bank transfer payouts on the Extranet’s **Payout information** page by doing the following:

- Sign in to the Extranet
- Click the
**Finance**menu - Click
**Payout info**