# Payments

Everything you need to know to create a secure, frictionless, and efficient payment process for reaching local and international travelers. Use your existing payment process or adopt our payment solutions that help you increase revenue security, save time, and—where needed—comply with new legislation on authenticating payments.

## 43 articles

In this article, you’ll find answers to the most FAQs about our Cash Advance Solution provided by Stripe. In this article: Contents

On January 1, 2026, Bulgaria will officially adopt the euro as its currency. In this article, we’ll explain what’s changing and what it means for you.

A prepayment policy allows you to charge guests for reservations in advance. You can set up an automatic prepayment policy on the Extranet if you accept credit cards. Or guests can...

Payout statements are your bank transfer payout documents. This article explains how to find, customize, and review your reports on the group Extranet. Remember, to access the...

The Automated Clearing House (ACH) system allows you to easily make online payments and pay through Payment Service Providers (PSP). ACH payments are free, uploaded to your...

Depending on your country and payout method, you can choose between two currencies when using our platform. When eligible, you can load rates in one currency on your property page...

We recently informed you of our planned changes to how we offer prepayment policies on Booking.com to improve payment security between partners and guests. While maintaining robust...

In this article, we’ll provide an explanation of the process for disputing commission when reservation fees are waived. In this article: Contents Commission and waived fees If a...

It’s important for guests to know the types of payment accepted by your property. This will help make sure they arrive with the right expectations. Cash is an important and popular...