We use the location details and other items from your property information to auto-generate a property description with the most relevant info for potential guests. If your address changes, it’s important we know as soon as possible.


**In this article**


**Updating your property address**

If your address has changed and isn’t the one you provided when the registering with Booking.com, it’s important we know as soon as possible. This helps us avoid showing incorrect information on your property page and in your guests’ booking confirmation details.

You can change your address by sending us a message. Here’s how:

- Log in to the Extranet.
- Click
**Inbox**, then **Booking.com messages**. - Click
**See contact options**. - Choose
**Property** **details** as the topic and **Other** as the subtopic. - Click
**See all contact options **or** Compose new message**. - In the
**Message** field, enter the new correct address and the reason for the change. - To verify that your new address is accurate, under
**Attachment** click **Browse** or **Choose file** and attach a copy of a recent utility bill that shows the new address. This can be a recent bill for gas, electricity, water, sewage, phone, or taxes. - Click
**Send message**.

Once we receive your request, we’ll review it and update your address in our system. We’ll provide you an update on your request within five business days.


**Updating your location and changing your position on the map**

If your location on the map doesn’t correspond with the address location on Booking.com, you can update it by following these steps:

- Log in to the Extranet.
- Click
**Inbox**, then **Booking.com messages**. - Click
**See contact options **or **Compose new message**. - Choose
**Property** **details** as the topic and **Adjust your location on the map** as the subtopic. - Click
**Update map location**. - In the map that opens, click and drag the red pin to where you want your property to show up on the map.
- Click
**Save new location**, then **Done**.

Once we receive your request, we’ll review it and update your address in our system. We’ll update the distances mentioned in your property information within 48 hours.


**Getting property map coordinates from Google Maps**

We ask for your property’s map coordinates so your location is displayed correctly on Booking.com. This also affects distances to local landmarks and places of interest, so it’s important that you enter accurate coordinates for your property.

To get your property’s coordinates, follow these steps: