# Contacting us for support

We’re always here to help and answer any questions, urgent or not. If you're experiencing a **non-urgent **or** finance-related issue**, we recommend contacting us via the Extranet inbox. If you have an **urgent question**, give us a call.

In this article, you can find all the ways to contact us.

Try to look for an answer to your question on Partner Help.

We don’t have an email address, but you can message us via the Extranet inbox. We’ll do our best to get back to you within **two days**, but sometimes it may take a little longer. To help us assist you faster, please include:

- As much detail as possible about the issue you're facing or your question.
- What solutions you’ve attempted so far, if any.

If you’re having trouble accessing your Extranet account, check out these tips for signing in to your account.

Follow these steps to send us a message:
If you have more than one account, you can access the inbox of each of your properties from your primary account’s
We show up to 50 properties at a time on the Group homepage, so you might need to go through multiple pages if your portfolio is larger. |


Note: The Extranet inbox might not be available if you haven’t completed registration. If so, complete your registration to access your inbox.


### Message topics

When sending us an Extranet message, make sure you select the right topic. Here’s a short explanation for each topic:

**Rates & Availability**– loading or adjusting rates and availability, prices, and room policies.**Promotions**– setting up a deal or promotional rate.**Reservations**– bookings, cancellations, requesting arrival time, changes to bookings, payment.**Opportunities**– sales and growth opportunities in the Opportunity Center.**Guest reviews**– specific comments from a guest, responding to a review, Guest Review Score.**Invoices and commission**– any finance-related questions, payment confirmation, dispute an invoice, reopen a property, VAT and local taxes, direct debits.**Receiving my payouts**– payout info, charging guests’ virtual credit cards, Payments by Booking.com, or providing bank account details.**Analytics**– how your property is performing on our platform.**Property details**– extra charges, photos, room details, policies, changing a property name, adjusting your location, and changing your property description.**Account**– changing your password, updating your contact details, devices, channel manager, or terminating your contract.

Sign in with your Extranet credentials to see our full list of contact numbers. If you’re having trouble accessing your Extranet account, check out these tips for signing in.

You can message us via the Pulse app. Here’s how:

- Sign in to the
**Pulse app**. - Tap
**More**. - Tap
**Help**. - Select the envelope symbol.
- Select the relevant topics and subtopics.
- If no topics are relevant, select any topic and subtopic, then select
**Still need help? See all contact options**. - Tap
**Message**and compose your message. - Tap
**Send message**.