# Changing your property description or room details

Your property page description is automatically generated based on the information you provide on the Extranet. When you correct or change your facilities, room details, or location on the Extranet, the corresponding information in your property page description updates automatically.

## What's on this page:

**How the property description is generated**

We use your facilities, location details, and other items from your property info to auto-generate a property description containing the most relevant information for potential guests. This description appears under the photos on your property page.

We’re always working to optimize these descriptions. We keep them relevant by always offering new options to add, like mentioning more facilities and services, improving location information, or adjusting priorities as users’ needs evolve.

Auto-generated content is highly effective at attracting potential guests, provided best practices for creating and updating property descriptions are followed:

- We’ve done extensive research for various segments of travelers to understand what they most want to read in a property description.
- We use guest behavior data on our website to determine the length, style, and structure of our descriptions. For example, we know guests spend an average of less than one minute reading property descriptions, so our auto-generated descriptions are short.
- We’re focused on optimizing for search engines, so people can discover your property faster when they search for accommodations. We don’t copy/paste or duplicate text because this affects search engine optimization (SEO) and may make your property harder to find online.
- Auto-generated descriptions are available in 36 languages and are updated in real time. Descriptions in some languages aren’t direct translations of the English description, so there may be some discrepancies between languages. We’re working on automating description generation in another 11 languages in the foreseeable future.
- We use a unified tone of voice and language across all descriptions to help users find the information they’re looking for faster and choose the right property for them.

**Use the ****fine print section** to add any other information about your property that guests must know before booking, and that can’t be shared elsewhere on the property page. For legal reasons, we can’t include any mandatory costs, taxes, deposit information, or cancellation/payment policies in the fine print.

**Keeping your information up to date**

Since we use information you provide on the Extranet, it’s important that your facilities, location details, and room information is up to date. Make sure you add all facilities and amenities available at your property to give the most comprehensive description. You can learn more in our Updating your property page and host profile article.

**Correcting info in your description**

The goal of auto-generated property descriptions is to make sure they’re easy for guests to find and understand, and that your information is always up to date as you make changes to your rooms, facilities, and location.

We don’t change these auto-generated descriptions unless there’s a factual discrepancy. If something is incorrect regarding the property type, facilities, or location information you’ve provided, here’s how you can fix it:

- Sign in to the Extranet.
- Click
**Property**, then**View your descriptions**. - For changes to your property description, click
**Spotted a typo? Request a fix**and describe the fix you need in the text field that appears. - For changes to your
room description(s), click**Request a correction**below the room you’d like to update, then describe the fix you need in the text field that appears. - Click
**Request a fix**.

Our content team will revise your requested changes and advise on the next steps.

Note: It isn’t possible for you to manually adjust the number of years mentioned in the part of the auto-generated description that says “Has been welcoming guests since [date].”

**Updating your facilities and services**

- Sign in to the Extranet.
- Click
**Property**, then**Facilities & services**. - Update the facilities and services available at your property.
- Click
**Save**.

**You can update your facilities and services on the go using Pulse.**

**Updating your room amenities**

It’s important guests know what to expect when they arrive at your property. If the information about amenities available at your property isn’t up to date, here’s how to change it:

- Sign in to the Extranet.
- Click
**Property**, then**Room amenities**. - For each room amenity, check or uncheck the box to show whether it applies to
**all rooms**or just**some rooms**. You’ll then be able to specify which rooms it applies to. - Click
**Save**.

**Updating your location and changing position on the map**

Property location features in the description, so it's important that the geographical location is correct. If your property’s location appears to be inaccurate and you’d like to change the geographical coordinates we display on our platform, follow these steps:

- Sign in to the Extranet.
- Click
**Inbox**, then**Booking.com messages**. - Click
**See contact options**. - Choose
**Property****details**as the topic and**Adjust your location on the map**as the subtopic. - Click
**Update map location**. - In the map that opens, click and drag the red pin to where you want your property to show up on the map.
- Click
**Save new location**, then**Done**.

We’ll update the distances mentioned in your property information within 48 hours.

Keep in mind that your property’s location on the map needs to accurately reflect where it is actually located based on your address. If you move the red pin too far, we’ll suggest updating your property’s address to make sure it’s correct. Moving the pin also affects distances to local landmarks and places of interest.

Read more about changing your property’s location.

**Changing your property layout and room or unit details**

You can change other property details like property layout and room type based on maximum occupancy by following these steps:

- Sign in to the Extranet.
- Click
**Property**, then**Property layout**or**Room details**. - Click
**Edit**. - Change information such as room type, room name, location, bed options, occupancy, and bathroom details.
- Click
**Continue**.

You can edit room names to create custom names for personal reference on the Extranet, but only you can see your custom names there – travelers don’t see these on our platform.

**What other partners are reading**