Before you can start receiving bookings, you’ll need to add your number of rooms and units and their availability to your profile. Check out this article to learn how to add, open, close, and delete rooms and units.

You can also customize the names of your rooms or units, change the room or unit type, and adjust maximum occupancy for individual rooms or units. Finally, it’s a good idea to add room facilities. This gives potential guests a clear idea of what they can expect at your property.


**Adding property facilities**

You can list the facilities available at your property to better manage guest expectations. On the Extranet’s **Facilities and services** page, you’ll find **Top facilities** – those that guests search for the most. If you don’t see a specific facility on the Extranet, we suggest either selecting a closely related one or adding the information to **About the property**. You’ll find this on the Extranet by clicking **Property**, then **Your profile**. Read more about updating your facilities.


**Your property description**

We use your facilities, location details, and other information from your property page to auto-generate descriptions that contain the most relevant information. These descriptions are automatically generated in multiple languages and appear under your photos on your property page.

Auto-generated content is highly effective at attracting guests because it’s:

**Always up to date** – Auto-generating the description means it’s guaranteed to be an up-to-date reflection of the facilities you’ve chosen on the Extranet. **Attention-grabbing** – Our data shows that guests don’t read the whole description. With auto-generated content, our descriptions are short and concise, and they contain only the key traveler information.**Easily discoverable online** – With SEO-optimized, auto-generated content, your property is more easily found in search results.**Instantly available in 25 languages** – We market your property all around the world in at least 25 supported languages, updated in real-time. Descriptions in some languages aren’t direct translations of the English description, so some discrepancies are possible. **Accurate** – Our data shows that the information in auto-generated descriptions is more accurate than in manually written descriptions.

We don’t change these auto-generated descriptions unless there’s a factual inaccuracy. If you find incorrect information, you can follow these instructions to change your property description.


**Adding photos**

Our data shows that guests typically stay only ten seconds on a page before leaving. Photos are the most engaging form of content, and the best way to boost bookings is by showing how unique your property is.

You’ll need to upload at least one photo of your property to sign up for our platform, but we recommend adding as many as possible. You can always add, change, or delete them later. Read more about which photos you need for a home, apartment, or vacation rental and what photos attract families.


**Updating your profile**

You can update your profile by adding personalized information – these are the things that make you, your property, and your neighborhood unique.

Completing your profile tells guests more about yourself and what makes your place special. It paints a complete picture of your property and shows potential guests that you’re an authentic person.

Descriptions should be personable yet professional, so make sure to include relevant information about yourself and your property as well as the surrounding area. You can even write a welcome message for future guests. You can update the information via the Extranet or the Pulse app by following the steps below.