# Setting up length of stay and advance reservation restrictions

Setting up length of stay and advance reservation restrictions can give you more control over your bookings. They prevent travelers from booking a stay that’s shorter or longer than you’d like, or with too much or too little notice.

You can add, change, or remove restrictions via your Extranet calendar or using the Pulse app.

**In this article**

**Understanding length of stay and advance reservation restrictions**

These restrictions determine how travelers can book a stay at your property, based on your preferences. If you apply these restrictions, potential guests can only make a reservation with you when their search criteria match the conditions you’ve set.

Minimum length of stay restrictions determine the minimum number of nights guests can book at your property. Minimum advance reservation restrictions determine how far before the check-in date a guest can book a stay with you.

You can apply a minimum length of stay restriction of up to 31 nights. For example, if you set a minimum length of stay restriction of three nights, your property won’t appear in the search results of travelers looking for two- or one-night stays.

You can also set up length of stay restrictions that only apply to bookings with specific check-in dates. These are known as minimum length of stay from arrival restrictions.

You can set minimum and/or maximum advance reservations for specific rooms or properties on specific dates. Our system counts backwards from midnight on the check-in date, which means you can set restrictions both in terms of days (D) as well as hours (H) before check-in. For example:

- If you want guests to book at least one day before check-in, the minimum advance reservation time is one day. You would then enter 1D in our system.
- If you want to allow same-day bookings until 6 pm, the minimum advance reservation time is six hours (counting backwards from midnight). You would then enter 6H in our system.
- If you want guests to book at least three days and five hours in advance, the minimum advance reservation time is three days. You would enter 3D5H in our system.
- If you don’t want guests to book more than ten days in advance, the maximum advance reservation time is ten days. You would then enter 10D in our system.

Once you set your reservation restrictions, your property will only appear in search results when guests’ search dates match these restrictions. The more restrictions you set, the fewer potential guests will see your property. Learn more about all restrictions


In the following sections, we describe the possible ways to set restrictions, depending on which Extranet calendar view you use.

**Managing restrictions using the List view calendar**

If you’re using the List view** **calendar, here’s how to apply and edit restrictions to your rooms and rates:

- Log in to the Extranet
- Click
**Rates and Availability**or**Calendar and Pricing**, then**Calendar**. - Click the
**Restrictions**checkbox next to the date selector at the top of your Calendar page, or find the room you’d like to set up the restriction for, then click the drop-down arrow next to the room rate to see all your restrictions. - On the restriction rows, select the date you’d like to make changes to. To select multiple dates, drag the blue rectangle over all the dates you want to restrict. You can also click
**Bulk edit**to change restrictions for multiple dates. - Click the
**Activate**button, then**Save.**

When using the list view calendar, you can set the following length of stay and advance reservation restrictions:

**Minimum length of stay**– 2 to 31 nights. However, you can increase this by changing your default length of stay limit, which is 30 nights. You can do this on the Extranet by clicking**Property**and selecting**Policies**. Select**30+ night stays (monthly stays)**, click**Edit**, and indicate whether you accept bookings up to 45, 60, 75, or 90 nights.**Maximum length of stay**– 1 to 30 nights. You can increase this by following the same steps as for minimum length of stay.**Minimum advance reservation**– 1 hour to 360 days.**Maximum advance reservation**– 1 hour to 360 days.

**Managing restrictions using the Monthly view calendar**

When you’re using your calendar in Monthly view, you can only set up a Minimum advance reservation and Minimum length of stay. To set up a Maximum advance reservation and length of stay, you’ll have to switch to List view.

If you prefer the monthly view** **calendar, here’s how to apply and edit restrictions to your rooms and rates:

- Log in to the Extranet
- Click
**Rates and Availability**or**Calendar and Pricing,**then**Calendar**. - Click the drop-down menu on the right-hand side of the page and select Monthly view.
- Select the date you want to change. To select multiple dates, drag the blue rectangle over all the dates you want to restrict.
- In the panel on the right side of the page, find the applicable rate and click
**Restrictions.** - Choose how many nights you’d like your
**Minimum stay length**to be and your**Minimum advance reservation**time. - To remove minimum stay restrictions, select
**1 night**in the same menu. - Click
**Save**when you’re done.

When using the monthly view calendar, you can set the following length of stay and advance reservation restrictions:

**Minimum length of stay**– 1 to 7 nights**Minimum advance reservation**– 4 hours to 7 days

Monthly view calendar is only available to partners who don’t work with a connectivity provider. Those who do can still manage rates and availability—including restrictions—via their provider’s interface. Learn more about connectivity providers in this article.

**Managing restrictions using rate plans**

If you're using rate plans, here's how to apply and edit restrictions to your existing rate plans. The changes will be applied to all open days.

- Log in to the Extranet
- Click
**Rates and Availability**or**Calendar and Pricing**, then Rate plans. - Choose the rate plan you prefer to change.
- In the plan preview, you’ll be able to see the current restrictions.
- Click Edit to be guided to the selected rate plan page.
- Click Edit next to the
**Minimum stay**to manage the length of stay, or**Bookable**to set up how many days in advance your guests can make a booking. - Click
**Save**when done editing the restrictions. - Click
**Apply changes**when you’re done.

**Managing restrictions using Pulse**

You can also manage Minimum advance reservation and Minimum length restrictions using the Pulse app.

Here's how for a **single** date:

- Open the Pulse app and tap
**Availability**. - Tap the property you’d like to manage, if you have more than one.
- If you’re viewing the dates in a calendar, choose the room type you’d like to manage by tapping its calendar and selecting the date. If you’re viewing the dates in a list, scroll down to the date you want to edit and tap the room type.
- Tap the minimum length of stay and choose the number of nights you want to apply restrictions to.
- Under
**Minimum advance reservation**, adjust the minimum number of nights or hours, working back from midnight. - Tap
**Save**on iOS or the**checkmark**on Android to save.

Here’s how to apply and edit **Minimum advance reservation** to your rooms and rates for **multiple** dates:

- Open the Pulse app and tap
**Availability**. - Tap the property you’d like to manage, if you have more than one.
- If you’re viewing the dates in a calendar, choose the room type you’d like to manage by tapping its calendar and selecting the date. If you’re viewing the dates in a list, scroll down to the date you want to edit and tap the room type.
- Tap
**Edit multiple dates**and select the date range you want to make changes to. - Tap
**Rates and restrictions**. - Tap the minimum length of stay and enter the number of nights you want to apply restrictions to.
- Under
**Minimum advance reservation**, adjust the minimum number of nights or hours, working back from midnight. - Tap Save on iOS or the checkmark on Android to save.

**What other partners are reading**

*Updating your rates and availability*

*Updating your calendar availability using the Pulse app*

*Setting up and working with a connectivity provider*

*Configuring auto-replenishment on closed rooms and units*