# Everything you need to know about virtual credit cards

Learn how to charge a guest's credit card

Virtual credit cards (VCCs) are temporary digital Mastercards we use to pay out partners through Payments by Booking.com. They work like regular credit cards and guarantee payouts when you’re owed money. You don’t need to pre-authorize or validate them, which can save time.

## What's on this page:

## How virtual credit cards work

**How virtual credit cards work**

VCC is one of the payout methods we use to pay partners who use our Payments by Booking.com service. If guests pay online, they can do so using their preferred payment method. We then load that payment onto a VCC that you can charge like a regular credit card with a point of sale (POS) system. A point of sale (POS) system that accepts VCCs is required for this payout method.

Here’s how you can find out if your property is eligible to join Payments by Booking.com with a VCC payout method:

- Sign in to the Extranet.
- Click the
**Finance**menu - Click
**Payments by Booking.com**

A few things to keep in mind about how we’ll send you payments from VCCs, how to charge them, and how long they remain valid:

- We’ll send you a new VCC for every new booking you receive that’s payable via Payments by Booking.com. Each VCC has a unique card number, expiration date, and CVC.
- Every new VCC you receive will be activated according to the reservation policy. For non-refundable bookings, this is the same date as the booking date. For all other reservations, you can charge the VCC when the reservation becomes at least 90% non-refundable. If you’re a new property or don’t follow these criteria, you’ll be able to charge the VCC one day after check-in (at check-in for partners in the US).

Here's how you can see which reservations have been paid for and which have an active VCC:

- On the
**Virtual cards management**page, you'll find details on all VCCs that still need to be charged or refunded. - Based on the activation date, you can enter the VCC details in your POS system and charge the VCC as you would any other credit card to receive your payment.
- All VCCs need to be charged within 12 months of the guest check-out date. After this point, the card will become inactive and we won’t reissue a new VCC for the reservation.
- We’ll send you reminder emails after the check-out date if you haven't charged the card yet.
- You can charge a VCC multiple times until the balance reaches zero.

We don’t charge any fees for partners on Payments by Booking.com using VCC as a payout method. However, your payment service provider may charge you a fee for using a VCC. Read more about how much Payments by Booking.com costs.


**Charging virtual credit cards**

To charge a VCC, follow these steps:

- Sign in to the Extranet.
- Click
**Reservations**. - Click the guest’s name or reservation number.
- Click
**View credit card details**. - Enter the VCC’s details using your POS system.
- Charge the full balance available in your VCC. The available balance can be found in the VCC details, reservation details, or in
**Virtual cards management**.

You can also see all your available VCCs by clicking **Finance** and selecting **Virtual cards management**. Keep in mind that you’ll need to be signed in with admin access or an account with Reservations access rights to see the card details.

If you use a property management system or channel manager, you can find your VCC under each reservation’s payment details. If you don't see this information, contact your connectivity provider for further assistance.


**What to do if you’re having trouble charging a virtual credit card**

Here are the most common issues with charging VCCs and what to do to resolve them:

POS error messages:

**“Do not honor/the VAN can’t be authorized prior to activation date”**– Check the activation date on the Extranet’s**Reservations**page to make sure the card is already active.**“Do not honor/insufficient funds”**– Check that the amount you’re charging isn't higher than the VCC balance and try again. Keep in mind that certain fees and taxes may be excluded from the price. These fees are typically set on a per-person basis. In that case, you'll need to collect them directly from the guest during their stay. You can see the amount available on the VCC and the charge breakdown for each booking on the**Reservations**page.**“Do not honor/invalid CVC or expiration date”**– Check that the CVC code and expiration date you entered are correct.**“Invalid merchant”**– If your POS machine merchant code is invalid, contact your payment service provider for help. You can only charge VCCs if you’re a merchant registered as an accommodation provider, but you can change your code if necessary.

VCC operations errors:

**Security lock**– You’ve had too many failed charge attempts in a short period of time. Try again in 24 to 48 hours.**Using the same currency to charge the VCC as the currency used to load the VCC**– Using a different currency doesn’t necessarily mean you can’t charge a VCC, but it can lead to two potential issues:**Partial charges**– You might end up charging less than the amount available on the card, meaning funds may remain on the card. Always make sure your card has no money left.**Insufficient funds error**– Attempting to charge more than the available balance on the VCC can result in an “insufficient funds” error.

**Don’t pre-authorize the VCC**– If you have, you should either settle the authorized amount with the provided authorization code or cancel the authorization and charge it again.**Enter your, your guest’s, or our zip code**– If you’re asked to enter a zip code when you charge the VCC, you can use the guest’s, your own, or ours (1011 DL).**Make sure your POS machine supports charging virtual cards**– Contact your payment service provider for assistance. They might be able to offer you a different POS that supports online charging service.**Your card has a zero balance**– Make sure your card is already active to be charged. If the card is active but displays “zero,” it can be due to the few seconds/minutes a card needs to be loaded. If you’re seeing a “zero” balance, your provider may not have updated the system with the amount that was loaded onto the card. You can check the amount to charge on the Extranet.**Incorrect amount**– If you charged the card, you can refund the amount and charge again.

All our virtual cards are valid, so there’s no need to test-authorize them. If you’re not seeing the VCC details, it’s because the card isn’t active yet.

If you’re still having trouble charging the VCC, contact us via the Extranet inbox. Learn more about charging VCCs in our tutorial.


**How virtual credit cards work with cancellations, no-shows, and modifications**

If you’re owed money because a reservation was canceled, modified, or the guest was a no-show, you’ll be able to charge the VCC as per the reservation policy.

Depending on the cancellation date, you can charge the VCC as follows:

- If cancellation happened before April 18, 2024, you can charge a cancellation fee on the supposed check-in date.
- If cancellation takes place after April 18, 2024, you can charge a cancellation fee as soon as the reservation is canceled.

If you agreed to waive the applicable fees for the cancellation, modification, or no-show but have already charged the VCC, you'll need to refund the same VCC. You can do this even if the card has expired – just enter the current month as the expiration date instead. Learn more about refunding VCCs.


**How to deactivate virtual credit card payments**

Here’s how to deactivate VCC payments if your property is based in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland:

- Sign in to the Extranet.
- Click the
**Finance**menu - Click
**Finance help**to check if there’s an option to switch from VCC to bank transfer payout. If so, there’s no need to opt out of Payments by Booking.com – you can start getting paid via bank transfer.

If your property is based outside of the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland and you want to disable VCC payments, you need to opt out of Payments by Booking.com since we don't offer the option to switch from VCC to bank transfer in your region. Here’s how:

- Sign in to the Extranet.
- Click the
**Finance**menu - Click
**Finance settings**.

Under **Payments by Booking.com**, click **Deactivate Payments by Booking.com**.