# Understanding Geographical Based Content

Source: https://agodapropertypartnerhelp.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360052345093-Understanding-Geographical-Based-Content

Updated: 2021-06-24T18:44:35Z

|

On your property page, **automatically generated** content is displayed based on the property's **geographic location** (e.g.** GPS coordinates**)**. **

|
|


Photos of nearby attractions will display on the property page if your property is within a 10km radius.



**Popular landmarks/Nearby landmarks**

Our system selects the 10 nearest landmarks based on the location of your property for Nearby landmarks and the top 10 landmarks based on the priorities of our database for Popular landmarks.

Nearest essentials are generated by the system based on distance and cannot be changed.

** **

Nearby restaurants are displayed depending on the property and the restaurant's coordinates.



Unfortunately, we cannot. Time and distance are estimated or generated by the system and cannot be changed.

Photos can only be changed if it has been proven the attraction is not within a 10km radius of the property. You can send a request to the Agoda accommodation support team via the Support button in YCS.

As the nearest landmarks and essentials are generated by the system based on the distance, we are generally unable to update them. However, we can add new landmarks and essentials if they don't exist in our database. Once added, the system will regenerate the content. We can remove the landmarks displayed here only if they’re permanently closed.** You can send a request to the Agoda accommodation support team via the Support button in YCS.**
