# What is ePass?

Source: https://agodapropertypartnerhelp.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360046948654-What-is-ePass

Updated: 2024-08-28T14:12:13Z

**Epass (Electronic Payment Administration Self Service) is Agoda's secure system where you can request payment for your bookings.**

This article includes:


You can request payment for your bookings by yourself using ePass - an invoice system within YCS. Multiple payment options are available under ePass.

You will be able to use ePass for booking transactions if you are using one of the following payment methods:

Benefits of using ePass:


**Available menu under ePass: **

|
|
This page displays all bookings which have reached their payment due date or canceled bookings (displayed immediately upon cancellation). On this page you can approve or dispute payment individually or by batch. Bookings will be displayed on this page for 150 days after their check-out date, after that they will be removed from this page and the payment will no longer be available for you to claim. Please note that refund transactions will always remain on this page until they are batched. |
|
|
This contains details of any bookings made which are part of the AGP program. |
|
|
This page displays all bookings created and any adjustments made to payment transactions by Agoda Finance Team. The search tool covers various search criteria to see payment transaction status and details. |
|
|
This contains details of all batches that have been charged in the past. |
|
|
This page varies based on what type of payment method you are on with Agoda.
|

**Payment conditions for ePass are as follows: **

To see step by step guide on how to claim payments for each payment method, please click here.


Access to ePass is only granted to specific users in YCS. Should you have one of the above payment options activated but you are still unable to access ePass, please reach out to our Accommodation Services Team via the blue “Need Help” button in YCS
