# Agoda DAC7 FAQ Page

Source: https://agodahomeshelp.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/31614803968659-Agoda-DAC7-FAQ-Page

Updated: 2025-01-22T10:25:12Z

DAC7 is an EU law aiming to improve tax cooperation between EU member states – including transparency on revenues earned by sellers through digital platforms. This law will simplify the collection of taxes by local tax authorities. As part of this, Agoda Company Pte Ltd (“Agoda”) has to report information about our partners—both business entities and individuals conducting business through our platform and business transactions executed via our platform—to the Dutch tax authorities (DTA). The DTA will then share this info with the tax authorities from other EU member states.


**Will anything change in how taxes are processed due to DAC7 data reporting obligations?**

DAC7 doesn’t require any changes in the way taxes are processed, neither for the commission charged by Agoda nor for local taxes you charge guests. At the same time, we expect local tax authorities will use data provided by platforms to evaluate the validity and completeness of your taxes. They may also pre-fill parts of your tax return based on the data received from Agoda.


All partners with EU-based property listing on our platform will be requested to complete the Tax Compliance Information form to comply with the DAC7 reporting requirements. Please ensure that the information is always correct and updated.

You may refer to the Glossary of Terms at the end of this page.


**How to access the Tax Compliance Information Form**

**For Hosts (non-Hotel Accommodations):**

**Key Information**

If you identify as being a legal business entity, we request the below information:

If you identify as being an individual conducting business, we request the below information:

Transactional data could include:

**Is this a one-time request or a continual reporting obligation?**

DAC7 is an annual reporting obligation effective for the reporting period 2023 calendar year. The DAC7 collected data will be reported to the Dutch Tax Authorities by January 31 following the reporting year. For example, we’ll report data by 31 January 2024 for the 2023 calendar year, 31 January 2025 for the 2024 reporting year, and so on.


**Where can I find my business registration number, Tax Identification Number (TIN), and Value-Add Tax (VAT) numbers?**

As a party conducting business via Agoda, you must report the following numbers.

**For an entity:**

**For an individual** conducting business through our platform and considered a business by Agoda from a tax perspective:

We recommend contacting your accountant or local tax advisor if you’re unsure where to find these specific numbers.


**As a partner who manages multiple properties, do I need to provide data for every property?**

In general, you have to provide data about the individual or company authorized to bind your property named/specified in Agoda’s extranet/platform in the Tax Compliance Information form.

If you are a host (non-hotel accommodation) with multiple properties listed on Agoda under the same Member ID, then you need to provide the information only once for any one of your properties. Agoda will then use the same information for reporting purposes for all the properties tagged under that Member ID. If you input information for multiple properties under the same member ID, Agoda will only use the latest information which was entered during the reporting period.


**What if I have properties both within and outside the EU?**

If you have any properties within the EU listed on Agoda, you’ll fall into the scope of DAC7, and we’ll notify you to update the Tax Compliance Information form, whether or not your property is open for bookings.

To provide you ample time, you have 90 days from the date of our notification to update the Tax Compliance Information form. After the initial notification, we’ll send you two additional reminders to complete the form.

Please note that we will send the notification for each property, and we ask for your kind cooperation to complete the Tax Compliance Information form for each property.


**I don’t own the property. I only manage it on Agoda. Do I need to provide my data?**

For DAC7 purposes, we collect data about the individual or company with whom we’ve signed contracts with. Thus, if you agreed to our General Terms and Conditions, we still need you to complete the Tax Compliance Information form with the details of the individual or company who signed the contracts for the property listing.


**Will you share my information? And if so, with whom?**

Yes. Agoda has to report information about partners (i.e. business entities and individuals conducting business through our platform, as well as business transactions executed via our platform) to the Dutch Tax Authorities (DTA). The DTA will in turn share this information with the tax authorities from other EU Member States.


**If I remove my property from Agoda, will my information still be shared?**

We must share all data about our partners who make transactions via Agoda with the Dutch Tax Authorities. If you made transactions within a reporting year and decided to close the property for bookings, your data will still be shared with the Dutch Tax Authorities for DAC7 purposes unless you fall under one of the following exemptions:

**What happens if I don’t share my data?**

Under DAC7 enforcement rules for non-compliant partners, where the Seller does not provide the required information after two reminders following the initial notification by the Platform, but no earlier than 60 days from notification date, the Platform is obliged to take certain actions which may include closing the account, preventing re-registration on the platform, or withholding payment until the required information is provided.

Thus, as noted above, we provide you 60 days from notification date to complete the Tax Compliance Information Form, with two additional reminders. If the form is not completed within this timeframe, your EU-based properties may either be temporarily suspended and/or payment to you may be withheld. You’ll still have to honor any existing reservations.

We encourage you to complete the Tax Compliance Information Form for your EU-based property as soon as possible to avoid temporary suspension from the platform and/or the withholding of payments. Please note that in cases where we have withheld payment due to an incomplete EU DAC7 Tax Compliance Information Form, we will resume payment upon completion of this form. Please allow up to 24 hours for the system to be updated.


**How would my data be processed?**

For more info on how we process your personal data, please read our privacy notices:


**Entity:** legal person or legal arrangement, such as a corporation, partnership, trust or foundation. An entity is a related entity of another entity, if either entity controls the other entity, or the two entities are under common control. For this purpose, control includes direct or indirect ownership of more than 50% of the vote and value in an entity. In indirect participation, the fulfilment of the requirement for the holding of more than 50% of the right of ownership in the capital of the other entity shall be determined by multiplying the rates of holding through the successive tiers. A person holding more than 50% of the voting rights shall be deemed to hold 100%.


**Individual:** physical person conducting business through our platform and considered as a business by Agoda from a tax perspective.

List of EU member states:

List of EU territories:
